Spring 25 release (#47)
camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount: CHANGELOG.md

# r1.1
## Release Notes

This pre-release contains the definition and documentation of
* region-device-count 0.1.0-rc.1

The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities v0.5.0
* Identity and Consent Management v0.3.0

## region-device-count v0.1.0-rc.1

 API definition **with inline documentation**:
[[YAML]](https://github.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/region-device-count.yaml)
[[View it on ReDoc]](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/r1.1/code/API_definitions/region-device-count.yaml&nocors)
[[View it on Swagger Editor]](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/r1.1/code/API_definitions/region-device-count.yaml)

**Initial contribution of API definitions for Region Device Count**, including initial documentation and implementation code.

> ## What's Changed

Reviewer: Please think about if you want to document also some of the changes done within this PR #47. 
As this is the very first release you can as an alternative also just summarize as "first version of ..."

Author: The changes made in PR https://github.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/pull/47 have been recorded in the CHANGELOG.md file. see https://github.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/pull/47/commits/0ed22930e237a1bdba9065f4e91a5ebe9958596b

# Changelog Region Device Count

## Table of Contents
- **[r1.1](#r11)**

> - [v0.1.0](#v010)

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, I have updated CHANGELOG.md by https://github.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/pull/47/commits/134358de78063e38e5d8432fe4e8a6256714df2d

**Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until it has been released. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is published. For the best results, use the latest published release.**

# r1.1
## Release Notes

> This public release contains the definition and documentation of
> * region-device-count v0.1.0

Reviewer: It's not the public, but a pre-release, the API Version in this release is v0.1.0-rc.1

```suggestion
This pre-release contains the definition and documentation of
* region-device-count 0.1.0-rc.1
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, I have updated CHANGELOG.md by https://github.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/pull/47/commits/134358de78063e38e5d8432fe4e8a6256714df2d

> The API definition(s) are based on
> * Commonalities v0.4.0
> * Identity and Consent Management v0.2.1

Reviewer: For Spring25 the API should be based on:

```suggestion
The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities v0.5.0
* Identity and Consent Management v0.3.0
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, I have updated CHANGELOG.md by https://github.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/pull/47/commits/134358de78063e38e5d8432fe4e8a6256714df2d

# v0.1.0

> # region-device-count v0.1.0-rc.1

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, I have updated CHANGELOG.md by https://github.com/camaraproject/RegionDeviceCount/pull/47/commits/134358de78063e38e5d8432fe4e8a6256714df2d
